good afternoon my name is svetlana kostina
and you will work 5 years in one of
famous perfume cosmetic
companies now i am in my
office and guests came running to us
alfia started asking a question about
blush so we decided to write a small
video form less master classes
why use blush like blush
choose how to apply
this is your cafe bars buy everything
hi I was very interested in the question
about how to make blush and in general
why do they need just my experience
not always better than good joyful then
there is marfusha and fairy tales
their cabin knew how even fun
things should not really want here
I hope that the light does not tell and
will show well now tell and
show
and so okay Armenians are used to
to model
oval face and blush very well
lighted up to the face and generally
when u strive to make natural
makeup for example you do not want can not
use mascara lose
bomann and so on the corners are still
apply a fresher healthy complexion
what kind of mating do we have here
Sofia is tanned after Issyk-Kul
her face is so warm
we select blush more with a warm shade
for example it is warm beige
light beige there salmon and you and then
no yes if we assume you would have
cold skin tone for example scientific
pink or blend so bluish
subtone then there is truth you beat
shades cool for example it's pink
light pink
that there are such cool shades and
so thats so comfortable
thing three shades of blush for any occasion
life and now we are interested in exactly
warm shade of blush
warm beige and so take capturing
shake lightly with a brush now
another question where to put
the fact is that we have on face
blade of the map so so a little bit freed
need hair we stand buying here
if boredom appears on the face , then blush
we put it on the protruding part
faces to level off
if we have a school on the face at all like
there is no such thing then we put under on the go
zygomatic hollow
so and imagine if we are to you now
court will apply to
visually learn from you even more
that's why our tasks here are with a friend
alleviate the day here we put
dented and very well shaded
Our main task is what to blush
have you seen marfush
and to look absolutely natural
here it is light so ruddy should
get and also you one tricky
tell makeup artists there is such a rule 2
+ 2 what is it like Putin is closer to the nose
we should not wear closer than two
finger laws are sweet here is your division
Blush should end and not see
two fingers from the upper lip here do
same if you cross this line at you
turn out to be closed in face a little bit
therefore put it and worth doing
We follow this rule and we will look
yourself naturally
agreed of course so well as the second
Try it yourself now !
rules and on
leveled
I also had this show people
closer your face here is the moment all the same
refresh and
considered as well emphasizes the fact your
postponed until the name of years is not such a problem
speaks for himself need to put gur
cosmetics it just had a mask
here everything is absolutely natural
one function is ready to perform
blush with blush makeup artists
models the shape of the face in general everything
makeup artists strive for the perfect shaft
the streets in nature are tonus and you are not
there is a round face of
triangular face try to define myself
clicking me oval face yes but here
drew all the same some which parts of the face
comes this with the help of blush we can
it is leveled
either we can level that powder
bran umbrellas com darker shade and
it is leveled with tonal
darker cream which
we use to apply the face here
recently try this where Brother
She without sparkles precisely such a powder and
need to use to draw the oval
faces and so again grab the brush
lightly shake here
see also dormans stand brackets yes
and so we added a mode too
good to carefully shade everything
like this and visually later
get try here
I'll try to shake it off just to
smooth line was soft and smooth and
in this way it levels by
Rouge that is, you still have such a function
Well, this is a must mafia
then transitions to level with
powder powder should be smooth
in any case, these crap
which blizzard was removed and skolki we
must be people
though my advice was helpful and
after a huge you I think it is not
will be useful to us now all his life
Well great benefit of the people apply
always be happy fun and
the natural most important thing
kind